Looking for a position as n Network Engineer in an organization where I can get a proper chance to prove my stated skills as well as a chance to push my career in this field effectively utilizing my skills, abilities and previous experiences.
Junior Network Engineer
Responsibilities: 
Responsible for implementation, troubleshooting, maintaining operations of network systems. 
Investigating, diagnosing and solving computer software and hardware faults 
Build, maintain and examine core network services including anti-virus and backup 
Performs routine network maintenance checks as well as configure and manage printers, copiers and other miscellaneous equipment. 
5Participating in a rotating 24*7 on-call rotation.
Education
Telecommunications Systems
In depth knowledge of Networking, Hardware, Software and Windows. 
Familiarity with resolving remote connectivity issues, LAN/WAN, DNS, TCP/IP and web services. 
Experience in configuring IPSec with VPN, ACL, Gateway Firewalls and knowledge in Network Security issues in wireless systems WEP, WPA and WPA2. 
Configure RIP, SIP, OSPF, BGP, MPLS, HSRP, Frame Relay and NAT. 
Excellent Knowledge in IPSEC VPN, GRE over IPSEC, IPS and Firewall ( Stateful inspection) 
Strong Knowledge of networking Technologies and protocols gained through practical work during course work. 
Good knowledge in design of network architecture protocols, Internetworking, bridging, routing, encapsulation. 
Basic configuration of LAN, VLANs, DNS and DHCP and managing Traffic with Access Lists. 
Operating systems Linux, Unix, Windows, 
Tools used Wire Shark, OPNET IT guru, Net backup, VMware
Master in INTERNETWORKING from SWEDEN 
Course on Global Entrepreneurial Leadership from Stanford University by videoconferencing 
Experience of working with Ericsson, providing a Wireless VoIP solution 
Installed and Configured Extreme Network Summit 45 SI Layer 3 Switches with VLANs 
Implemented TCP/IP Networks with DNS, DHCP, NAT and Dynamic Routing using OSPF 
Installed and configured 802.11a/b/g Wireless LANs using Cisco Access Points 
fiber optic laying, jointing, splicing & OTDR 
Installed and configured Cisco Routers, Firewalls & Switches 
Sound knowledge & understanding of ISDN, NGN, Soft Switches and Access Network 
Technical know how of Mobile networks (GSM, CDMA) & working knowledge of WLL 
Configuring and Hands on Experience with BGP 
Manager IP and Data Network
 
Solution architecting and operation of IP/MPLS back bone connecting all major cities over a ring topology. 
Worked closely with various engineers in designing the "Release 4" architecture, ensuring essential traffic such as SIGTRAN, User Plane and Control Plane are integrated into the IP/MPLS Backbone with proper QoS marking. 
Planned and implemented GPRS/EDGE project which provides first ever country wide fastest data coverage 
Led the project and successfully implemented GRX connectivity with all redundancies and testing for data roaming 
Identify and gather requirements for all IP nodes, and translating them into technical solutions for DRP (Disaster Recovery Project) 
Design and Implemented redundant connectivity with RIM for Blackberry subscribers 
 Managing concurrent multi-vendor large/complex Telco-grade projects/solutions and coordinating with cross-functional teams 
Part of the team which is working to achieve ISO certification, for Technical department, by transforming planning and daily operation task in to standard operating procedures (SOP) 
Compiled RFP and evaluated the response for URL and content filtering project. 
Got complete Audit done for IP & Datacom department by a France based third party audit firm 
Designed and implemented first ever single data charging gateway solution for Roshan 
Determined need for capacity increase for sites, national and international interconnects by analyzing current and forecasted voice traffic 
 Designed and managed the overall Cisco IP network for GSM including GGSN, MMSC, etc - maintaining 99.9% uptime and efficient delivery of packet data. 
 Responsible for the design, provisioning and maintenance of VoIP international gateway - reducing operating costs by 65% and generating $0.5 million monthly in additional revenue. 
 Managed and administered the company's private and public IP address requirements and corporate/GSM data network. 
Supervised 10 engineers, including performance management and development plans. 
 Worked closely with management, finance, engineering and procurement to prepare annual CAPEX and OPEX budgets. 
 Compiled weekly and monthly reports on network performance, including network outages. 
 Prepared and presented progress reports, outstanding issues, and budgetary information to senior management
Network Engineer
Emircom is one of the leading System Integrator & Cisco GOLD partners in Middle East. I joined Emircom as a Network Engineer, involved on various projects from providing data communication using state of the art technologies such as Routing & Switching, Wimax, WiFi, Cisco products and other Access medium. 
 
 Involved in developing design document, network infrastructure, BOQ, implementation and testing for various projects. 
 Involved in expansion of PIE (Pakistan Internet Exchange) which includes CRS and 7600 routers at 46 locations, countrywide. 
 Involved in PIE Expansion for PTCL(Pakistan Telecom Company Limited), the biggest telecom operator in Pakistan, involving BGP and MPLS 
 Implemented IP Telephony using Cisco 2800 router, Cisco Call Manager Express and Cisco Unity. 
 Perform multiple site surveys using Cisco Aironet Wireless Utility for WiFi Projects 
 Currently involved in providing Data communication solution and products to various organizations 
 Configuring & troubleshooting variety of Cisco devices.
Project Coordinator Communication & Network
Diallog CDMA & Broadband
March 2006 to September 2006
I joined Diallog as Project Coordinator Communication & Network on their ongoing WiMAX based project. My responsibilities at Diallog includes 
 
Selecting and providing communication medium between different sites through out Pakistan 
Designing of Wimax based network, along with the selection of Wimax complaint product. 