          :  Implementation  of  ITK  Goldstein  Phase
      Unwrapping
           .                                   Filter
       Environment        : Pentium 4 Intel Processor
      Tool                           :  Insight Tool Kit (ITK), FLTK


      Description
      Goldstein Filter implementation is a POC successfully executed by TCS
      to demonstrate TCS image processing capabilities and grab customer
      project.
      The system consists of a FLTK based GUI module and ITK Compliant
      Goldstein Filter module. The GUI shall Interface with the User and
      shall get necessary inputs from user. The FLTK based GUI is integrated
      with ITK framework. The ITK Compliant Goldstein filter module shall
      unwrap the phase data of the input Image file and shall store the
      output files in predefined location.

 
                      : People counting application
                 : GCC Compiler, Pentium-4 Intel Processor,Free
                           Scale IMX-51
     
      An application that can be used to detect pedestrians passing through
      road or count number of people that passing through a corresponding
      area.HOG algorithm are using to detect pedestrians/people here.
      Application will count the detection and display average number of
     
         . Modified HOG algorithm according to requirement.
         . Training of Pedestrian images
            :  Patient  Specific  Instrument  Surgeon
      Tool
      Environment                      : Pentium 4 Intel Processor
      Tool                                   : Visual Tool Kit (VTK), FLTK
\
      Development of a 3D tool that can be useful for surgeon during knee
      surfaces of the knee with metal and plastic components shaped to allow
      continued motion of the knee. Tool will display front, side and bottom
      view of Fermer and Tibia bones. Surgeon can visualize the abnormality
      by rotating 3D scanned images of the same and can plan the angle of
      cut, depth of cut they have to do for surgery. The tool enables the
      surgeon to choose appropriate Metal plate to replace damaged surfaces
      of bone.




      Creating GUI using FLTK
      Development of tool using VTK

INTERESTS: Medical Imaging and Devices, Advanced Software and Product Development, Medical Data and 
Image Processing, Advanced Visualization, MRI 
 
Thesis: Optical Flow techniques for Motion Estimation from Tagged MR Images 
 
Emphasis on Digital Image Processing 
 
 
Medical Image Analysis (MRI, CT, Nuclear Medicine) 
 Cardiac MR Imaging, Functional Oncology Imaging, Contrast Agents 
  Image Registration, Image Segmentation, Advanced Visualization and Rendering 
 - Multi-dimensional Image Processing, Numerical Methods and Iterative Algorithms 
 - FDA Regulatory Processes, HIPAA Compliance, IRBs 
  