
A Brief History of Documents and Writing Systems.- Machine-printed Character Recognition.- Handprinted Character

 and Word Recognition.- Continuous Handwritten Script Recognition.- Middle Eastern Character Recognition.- Asian Character 

Recognition.- Graphics Recognition Techniques.- An Overview of Symbol Recognition.- Analysis and Interpretation of Graphical Documents.- Logo and Trademark Recognition.- Recognition of Tables and Forms.- Document Creation, Image Acquisition and Document Quality.- Processing Mathematical Notation.- Document Analysis in Postal Applications and Check Processing.- Analysis and Recognition of Music Scores.- Analysis of Documents Born Digital.- Image Based Retrieval and Keyword.-  Spotting in Documents.- Text Localization and Recognition in Images and Video.- Online Handwriting Recognition.- Online Signature Verification.- Sketching Interfaces.- Datasets and Annotations for Document Analysis and Recognition.- The Evolution of Document Image Analysis.- Tools and Metrics for Document Analysis Systems Evaluation.- Imaging Techniques in Document Analysis Processes.- Page Segmentation Techniques in Document Analysis.- Analysis of the Logical Layout of Documents.- Page Similarity and Classification.- Text Segmentation for Document Recognition.- Language, Script and Font Recognition.- Part A, Introduction, Background and Fundamentals.- Part B, Page Analysis.- Part C, Text Recognition.- Part D, Processing of Non-textual Information.- Part E, Applications.- Part F, Analysis of Online Data.
Evaluation and Benchmarking.
foreign exchange trading
image classification
pattern recognition
CIS sensor
RMB image processing
RMB images
RMB serial numbers
digital image processing
image acquisition
image processing technology
linear perception
paper currency classification system
pattern recognition
recognition accuracy
IEEE TERMS
Character recognition
Computational Intelligence Society
Digital arithmetic
Digital images
Image processing
Image recognition
Image sensors
Paper technology
Pattern recognition
Sensor systems
 unique and flexible interface for the comprehensive visualization, exploration and analysis of 2D gel data. It provides 
powerful and innovative solutions to shorten the path from 
data acquisition to protein information, both for conventional 2-DE and DIGE
Expertise with Matlab (including MEX, GUI development, and OO techniques), particularly in rapid 
prototyping and visualization for computer vision, image processing, and machine learning.
 Also pro?cient in C/C++ (and OpenCV), with focus on object-oriented, modular design. 
Image Processing for improvments of H264 compression within the R&D team.
Development of an algorithm for image filtration (in Matlab and then C++) for easing H264 compression. The objective being the improvement of compression rate at constant image quality.
Study and understanding on H264 compression process.
3D Reconstruction with Matlab
3D reconstruction by stereoscopy with R&D team. 
Engineer in Image Processing and VIsion.
TELECOM St Etienne (September 2007 - September 2010)
Informatic Engineer with image processing option.
Theorical and practical courses in Physics, Mathematics and Informatic.
Signal/image/video processing, analysis and restoration; statistics; applied mathematics; computer science; biomedical imaging; inverse problems; estimation and detection theory; wavelets; MATLAB; ImageJ; Java; C; C++; HTML; multithreading; Office; iWork; LaTeX.
A CURE for Noisy Magnetic Resonance Images: Chi-Square Unbiased Risk Estimation, IEEE Transactions on Image Processing, 2012, in press.
2. F. Luisier, T. Blu, M. Unser, Image Denoising in Mixed Poisson-Gaussian Noise, IEEE Transactions on Image Processing
M. Unser, Fast Interscale Wavelet Denoising of Poisson-Corrupted Images, Signal Processing, 
SURE-LET Multichannel Image Denoising: Interscale Orthonormal Wavelet Thresholding, IEEE Transactions on Image Processing
The SURE-LET Approach to Image Denoising, IEEE Transactions on Image Processing,
Developed statistical image processing algorithms for reducing additive white
Gaussian noise.
o Acquired time-lapse confocal fluorescence microscopy images.

Develop statistical image processing algorithms for improving the quality and
accelerating the acquisition of magnetic resonance images.
Travel Grant, IEEE International Conference on Image Processing (ICIP'10), Hong Kong, 2010.
-