Looking for a position as n Network Engineer in an organization where I can get a proper chance to prove my stated skills as well as a chance to push my career in this field effectively utilizing my skills, abilities and previous experiences.
Junior Network Engineer
Responsibilities: 
Responsible for implementation, troubleshooting, maintaining operations of network systems. 
Investigating, diagnosing and solving computer software and hardware faults 
Build, maintain and examine core network services including anti-virus and backup 
Performs routine network maintenance checks as well as configure and manage printers, copiers and other miscellaneous equipment. 
5Participating in a rotating 24*7 on-call rotation.
Education
Telecommunications Systems
In depth knowledge of Networking, Hardware, Software and Windows. 
Familiarity with resolving remote connectivity issues, LAN/WAN, DNS, TCP/IP and web services. 
Experience in configuring IPSec with VPN, ACL, Gateway Firewalls and knowledge in Network Security issues in wireless systems WEP, WPA and WPA2. 
Configure RIP, SIP, OSPF, BGP, MPLS, HSRP, Frame Relay and NAT. 
Excellent Knowledge in IPSEC VPN, GRE over IPSEC, IPS and Firewall ( Stateful inspection) 
Strong Knowledge of networking Technologies and protocols gained through practical work during course work. 
Good knowledge in design of network architecture protocols, Internetworking, bridging, routing, encapsulation. 
Basic configuration of LAN, VLANs, DNS and DHCP and managing Traffic with Access Lists. 
Operating systems Linux, Unix, Windows, 
Tools used Wire Shark, OPNET IT guru, Net backup, VMware
Master in INTERNETWORKING from SWEDEN 
Course on Global Entrepreneurial Leadership from Stanford University by videoconferencing 
Experience of working with Ericsson, providing a Wireless VoIP solution 
Installed and Configured Extreme Network Summit 45 SI Layer 3 Switches with VLANs 
Implemented TCP/IP Networks with DNS, DHCP, NAT and Dynamic Routing using OSPF 
Installed and configured 802.11a/b/g Wireless LANs using Cisco Access Points 
fiber optic laying, jointing, splicing & OTDR 
Installed and configured Cisco Routers, Firewalls & Switches 
Sound knowledge & understanding of ISDN, NGN, Soft Switches and Access Network 
Technical know how of Mobile networks (GSM, CDMA) & working knowledge of WLL 
Configuring and Hands on Experience with BGP 
Manager IP and Data Network
 
Solution architecting and operation of IP/MPLS back bone connecting all major cities over a ring topology. 
Worked closely with various engineers in designing the "Release 4" architecture, ensuring essential traffic such as SIGTRAN, User Plane and Control Plane are integrated into the IP/MPLS Backbone with proper QoS marking. 
Planned and implemented GPRS/EDGE project which provides first ever country wide fastest data coverage 
Led the project and successfully implemented GRX connectivity with all redundancies and testing for data roaming 
Identify and gather requirements for all IP nodes, and translating them into technical solutions for DRP (Disaster Recovery Project) 
Design and Implemented redundant connectivity with RIM for Blackberry subscribers 
 Managing concurrent multi-vendor large/complex Telco-grade projects/solutions and coordinating with cross-functional teams 
Part of the team which is working to achieve ISO certification, for Technical department, by transforming planning and daily operation task in to standard operating procedures (SOP) 
Compiled RFP and evaluated the response for URL and content filtering project. 
Got complete Audit done for IP & Datacom department by a France based third party audit firm 
Designed and implemented first ever single data charging gateway solution for Roshan 
Determined need for capacity increase for sites, national and international interconnects by analyzing current and forecasted voice traffic 
 Designed and managed the overall Cisco IP network for GSM including GGSN, MMSC, etc - maintaining 99.9% uptime and efficient delivery of packet data. 
 Responsible for the design, provisioning and maintenance of VoIP international gateway - reducing operating costs by 65% and generating $0.5 million monthly in additional revenue. 
 Managed and administered the company's private and public IP address requirements and corporate/GSM data network. 
Supervised 10 engineers, including performance management and development plans. 
 Worked closely with management, finance, engineering and procurement to prepare annual CAPEX and OPEX budgets. 
 Compiled weekly and monthly reports on network performance, including network outages. 
 Prepared and presented progress reports, outstanding issues, and budgetary information to senior management
Network Engineer
Emircom is one of the leading System Integrator & Cisco GOLD partners in Middle East. I joined Emircom as a Network Engineer, involved on various projects from providing data communication using state of the art technologies such as Routing & Switching, Wimax, WiFi, Cisco products and other Access medium. 
 
 Involved in developing design document, network infrastructure, BOQ, implementation and testing for various projects. 
 Involved in expansion of PIE (Pakistan Internet Exchange) which includes CRS and 7600 routers at 46 locations, countrywide. 
 Involved in PIE Expansion for PTCL(Pakistan Telecom Company Limited), the biggest telecom operator in Pakistan, involving BGP and MPLS 
 Implemented IP Telephony using Cisco 2800 router, Cisco Call Manager Express and Cisco Unity. 
 Perform multiple site surveys using Cisco Aironet Wireless Utility for WiFi Projects 
 Currently involved in providing Data communication solution and products to various organizations 
 Configuring & troubleshooting variety of Cisco devices.
Project Coordinator Communication & Network
Diallog CDMA & Broadband
March 2006 to September 2006
I joined Diallog as Project Coordinator Communication & Network on their ongoing WiMAX based project. My responsibilities at Diallog includes 
 
Selecting and providing communication medium between different sites through out Pakistan 
Designing of Wimax based network, along with the selection of Wimax complaint product. 
 Configuration and deployment of Wimax devices 
 Responsible for selecting & providing communicating medium such as Wimax, Optical fiber, Microwave, CDMA, ISDN or VSAT 
 Responsible for calculating bandwidth requirement for any specific site 
Providing and determining the number of E1 links to be provided on the sites 
Determining the availability of Access network
Network Administrator
EDF Services
November 2005 to February 2006
As Network Administrator I was responsible of setting up the entire network providing following services 
 
Connecting all the three floors with a centralized server providing different services 
Setting up of Domain controller 
Providing DSL connectivity to all the nodes 
Setting up of Mailer daemon server
Project Engineer
Responsible for providing an efficient, robust and reliable Voice over IP (VoIP) communication setup that can be used to provide wireless Voice communication in the areas affected by disaster. 
 
 Responsible for configuring Cisco Aironet Wireless Access points 
 Configuring Extreme layer 3 switches with VLAN tagging 
 Configuring SIP server 
 Configuring RADIUS server 
 Testing QoS support to both voice and data packets
Education
Master in Internetworking
Master's Thesis (Hotspot - OpenNet Solution) Master's thesis research performed at KTH in connection with Saami Network Connectivity project (http://www.snc.sapmi.net/). It involved evaluation, design and implementation of a Hotspot Wireless test-bed that could be able to provide a workable ground for the Delay Tolerant Network (DTN)
NAVINI WiMAX RIPWAVE-MX Base Station Installation & Commissioning Training, Abu Dhabi, U.A.E 
Nomadix Access Gateways Training at Abu Dhabi, U.A.E 
CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Associate) 
CCDA (Cisco Certified Design Associates) 
JNCIA-ER (Juniper Networks Certified Internet Associate) 
 RSSSE (Cisco Routing & Switching Solution for System Engineer) 
 AWLANSE (Advanced Wireless LAN for System Engineers) 
 FOUNDSE (Cisco Foundation Express for System Engineer) 
 Cisco Lifecycle Services Advanced Routing and Switching 
 LCSE (Cisco Lifecycle Services Express) 
 Optical fiber splicing, jointing, laying and OTDR
NETWORK SERVICES 
 
NGN 
NAT (Network Address Translation) 
 DNS (Domain Name Service) 
 DHCP (Default Host Configuration Protocol) 
 SNMP Network Management 
 
NETWORK EQUIPMENT 
 
 Cisco Routers 
 Network Sniffer Ethereal 
 Cisco Catalyst Switches with VLAN 
 Extreme networks Layer 3 Switch 
 Cisco Aironet Wireless Access Points 
 Mediatrix PSTN gateway

Junior Network Engineer
Performed sub-netting on Cisco router 2691 
Design, Installation and configuration of Network 
 
Performed troubleshooting of network connectivity 
 Performed Access-list on Cisco router 2601 
 Implemented traffic filtering on Cisco routers using software firewalls(extended access-list)
Customer Technical Service
 Provided telephonic and on-line customer support to existing customers and new users. 
 Prepared daily documentations by following procedures and fulfilling project initiatives and providing reports to managers. 
 Experienced in submitting invoices and resolving complex technical and process issues 
 Solid experience addressing server problems by clearing up limitation errors with design system solutions and recommendations 
Managing and Troubleshooting in IPv4: Created and supported/maintained the network using GNS3. Fixed the problems regarding connectivity of the network running on IP version 4. 
 
Inter VLANs and Sub-netting: Created Virtual LANs using GNS3 within the switch to increase the security among different departments of an organization and performs sub-netting (VLSM) to reduce the wastage of IP addresses and Implements Redistribution on Cisco router 
 
Cracking a Vigenere Cipher: For a given piece of Ciphertext generated with vigenere cipher, find its Encryption key and corresponding Plaintext(Using C++). 
 
Software Implementation of AES: Implementation of most secure and popular contemporary block cipher (Using C++). 
 
CCNA in Routing/Switching
NetmaxTechnologies
2012
Additional Information
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
Strong knowledge of Cisco Packet-Tracer, GNS3 
 In Depth Knowledge of Routing Protocols (RIP, RIP2, OSPF, EIGRP, BGP) 
 In Depth Knowledge of VLAN, VTP, Port Security 
 Proficient with LAN/WAN topologies 
 Implemented traffic filters using Standard and Extended access-lists, Distribute-Lists, and Route Maps 
 In depth understanding of FTP, Telnet, HTTP, HTTPS, DHCP, DNS, SMTP, POP3,IMAP 
 Knowledge of Wi-Fi/EDGE/EVDO, Voice over IP(VOIP), GSM/CDMA, UMTS/GPRS 
 Knowledge of Computer networks, Network security, Data security and Cryptography, Wireless Networking, Data Communication, E-Commerce, C/C++, IT based security in Vehicles 
 Proficient with AES, DES, Elliptic Curve, Diffie-Hellman, RSA cryptography technique 
 
COMPUTER SKILLS 
 MS WORD, MS EXCEL, MS POWERPOINT, MS OUTLOOK 
 Windows XP/7/8/Vista 
 Linux, Unix, Adobe Photoshop, PDF, Multimedia, Basic Troubleshooting 
 
Senior network Specialist
network of bank is based on Cisco and Juniper. 
 
Responsible for technical duties of network staff. 
Declaring the requirements of the network to the head of IT department and actively 
participating in tender processes. 
Defined, designed and implementing the link and device redundancy for high availability of datacenters. 
Responsible for security of the financial transactions between branches, customers, 
employees, other organizations and users with juniper firewalls and IDPs(SSG, ISG and 
IDP 800 series), Cisco ASA and protocols like IPsec tunnels, DMVPN, VLAN and 
VRF.in level of application using Kaspersky antivirus on servers and clients. 
Defined, designed and implementing the network of backup datacenter as head of network team and configuring Cisco 6500 series(using VSS protocol) and Cisco Nexus 
5020 series as core layer 
 Implementing the transmission between two datacenters with Cisco 7206 routers based on Dark fiber, TDM links (STM1) and MPLS infrastructure with frame relay as layer 2 
protocol and EIGRP protocol for layer 3 routing. 
 Network technicians training.
CCNA Routing and Switching
June 2013 to Present
Additional Information
TECHNICAL STRENGTHS 
 
 Network Protocols: OSI and TCP/IP Model, ICMP, IPv4 and IPv6, SNMP, NTP, NAT, 
DHCP, DNS, VSS. 
 LAN Network: 802.3, VLAN, VTP, STP, Bridging, 802.1q, HSRP, VRRP, GLBP. 
 WAN Network: PPP, HDLC, Frame Relay, MPLS, VPLS, SDH, E1, STM1. 
 Network Security: IPsec, VPN Tunneling, DMVPN, VRF, AAA, ACL, Zone based 
firewalls. 
 Routing protocols: RIP, EIGRP, OSPF, BGP. 
 Devices: Cisco Routers and switches in Core layer( 6500, 4500, 7200, nexus), 
Aggregation layer and access layer. Juniper Firewalls and IDPs, Cisco ASA, FortiGate 
products. 
 Software: Cisco IOSs and NX-OS, CCP, Solar winds, GNS3, Visio 
 Network Engineer
 enterprise network design, upgrade, optimization, monitoring and support 
 Co-operated with appropriate department staff , peer venders and SP engineers to ensure projects completed on schedule, met all requirement and delivered on time 
 network support as scheduled, escalated issues if required according to the set procedures and guidelines 
 Implemented detailed configuration scenarios including routing(OSPF and BGP), switching(STP, VLAN, and HSRP), Network Security(Firewall, VPN, and IPS) 
 Designed and deployed VPN among data centers and branches 
 Reformed VRRP for High Availability on border routers 
 Implemented stateful failover on a pair of Cisco ASA5520  
 Configured OSPF, eBGP on SRX650 in two data centers to provide redundant connection to multiple vendors  
 Performed multicast routing between inside network and 3rd party network with RPs
 Responsible for planning, designing and developing high availability network for data centers, headquarter and branch offices 
 Developed technical documentation and training materials for engineering-managed services as required, updated network documents including diagrams, specification and analyze reports 
 Implemented multi-area OSPF in two data centers for the core and distribution devices  
 Designed and implemented two tier firewall system with Cisco ASA5520 and Juniper SSG320M firewalls  
 Designed, implemented and support multicast technology on cisco platforms to support internal applications  
 Configured and implemented multi-area OSPF on core layer Catalyst6509E switches, distribute layer Catalyst 4507R+E switches and access layer Catalyst 4507R+E, EX4200 switches 
 Configured TACACS+, Radius on Cisco ACS5.0 AAA server to perform Authentication, Authorization and Accounting 
 Configured IPSec site-to-site VPN on Cisco ASA 5520 and ASA 5505  
 Monitored converged network performance, collected and analyzed network data statistics, optimized network with QoS, routing and compression technology, performed troubleshooting
Network Specialist
 Responsible for implementation, support and upgrade of the network infrastructure 
 Monitored network performance, collected and analyzed network data statistics, optimized network with QoS, routing and compression technology 
 Constructed and configured network setup including cabling, hardware setup, routers and switches setup and configuration, firewall setup and configuration, and user account creation 
 Configured and maintained Cisco Catalyst 6509E core switches with dual sup 720-10GB, multiple 6748 Gigabit line cards, and dual power supplies. 
 Monitored, investigated and troubleshot network issues using Traceroute, SolarWinds, IP SLA, Wireshark, Telnet, Syslog tools 
 Implemented CiscoSecure ACS 4.2 and SolarWinds Orion in the OOB project 
 Configured and implemented Cisco ASA5510 and Juniper SSG140 to control access in the OOB project 
 Network Engineer
 Maintained and monitored data center network performance 
 Over 5 years’ experience in design, implementation and management of LAN/WAN network  
 Excellent technical skills on implementing routing protocols(BGP, EIGRP, OSPF, IS-IS, MPLS), multicast, Firewall Security Policies & ACLs 
 Proficient in Cisco and Juniper routers, switches(L2/L3), firewalls and load balancers  
 Strong analytical, organizational and customer service skills, an ability to work independently and in a team  
 Cisco CCNP, CCNA certificates 
 Juniper JNCIS-ENT, JNCIS-SEC, and JNCIA certificates 
 Diploma in Network Administrator and Security, BSc of Electric Engineering 
 Routing Protocol (BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, and IS-IS), and MPLS LDP TDP 
 Switching technology: VTP, STP, VLAN, ISL/802.1Q Trunking, and portfast 
 Multicast: PIM, Sparse mode, Dense mode, IGMP v1/2/3, RP, MSDP 
 QoS: Queuing, WRED, Traffic Shaping and Policing, RSVP, Link efficiency mechanisms  
 VoIP: RTP, RTCP, SIP, H.323, SCCP 
 High Availability: HSRP, VRRP, GLBP, Cisco firewall failover, and Juniper NSRP  
 Security: IPSec VPN, MPLS VPN, GRE Tunnel, SSH, NAT, AAA Radius, TACACS+, and IPS 
 Network management and troubleshooting: Cisco ACS, Radius, Solarwinds Orion, SNMPv1/2c/3, FTP, TFTP, syslog, WireShark, SPAN and Juniper NSM, Kiwi CatTools 
 Optical cabling, coaxial cabling, twist CAT5/CAT6, and DWDM  
 Applications: DNS, DHCP, FTP, TFTP, HTTP, HTTPs, Telnet, SMTP 
 Cisco Routers(7200, 2900, 1800, 1900, 3600); Switches(Catalyst 2900, 3750, 3550, 3560G, 4507R+E, 6509E, Nexus 7000, 5000, 2000 ); firewalls (PIX515E, PIX525, ASA5505, ASA5520, FWSM); Load Balancer(CSS 11500, ACE, F5 Big-IP), Global Site Selector(GSS) and Juniper switches (EX3200, EX4200, EX4500, EX8200), Juniper firewalls: NetScreen SSG 320M, SSG550M, and SRX 650 
 Cisco IOS, Juniper JunOS, Juniper ScreenOS, Windows server 2008
Network Engineer
November 2011 to Present
Contract Position) 
Core Responsibilities: 
? Cisco Unified Communications - Integration of a new division in TMX CUCM Cluster (2013) 
• 350 Users 
• 300 Voicemail accounts 
• 40 UCCX Agents 
? Cisco Unified Communications Infrastructure Implementation Project (2011) 
• Technical Lead for Nortel PBX to Cisco UC Infrastructure migration project. 
? Implemented Cisco Call Manager, Unity Connection, UCCX, SRST Gateways, CUE, and Voice Recording Solution for six North American locations (~1300 users). 
? Implemented 3rd Party Call Detail Record solution for TMX Cisco UC Infrastructure. 
? Responsible for Cisco UC Infrastructure management and support. 
? Infrastructure documentation and user training. 
? Manage, maintain and support TMX Network Infrastructure. 
? Supporting network infrastructure (Routers, switches and Wireless). 
? Provide network support to TMX customers.
Senior Network and IPT Engineer
February 2011 to October 2011
Core Responsibilities: 
? Cisco Unified Communications Infrastructure. 
? Managed, maintaining and supporting Cisco Call Manager, Unity, IPCC and CallRex Voice Recording Server for North American locations. 
? Supported 550 devices, 400 users, 35 Agents, 12 Call Center Supervisors and 8 Call Center Teams. 
? Responsible for Voice DR plan for all North American sites. 
? Provided Cisco Call Manager, Unity and UCCX training to European Voice Support Team. 
? Managed, maintained and supported Global WAN Infrastructure. 
? Part of WAN Management Team and managed MPLS WAN for North American sites. 
? Supported network infrastructure for in-house and off-site data centers. 
? Managed, maintained and supported Global Network Security Infrastructure. 
? Supported Corporate Network Security Infrastructure in North America and European sites. 

Projects: 
 Travelex Global Business Payment - Sale to Western Union. 
 Designed and implemented new network for North American sites. 
 Installed and configured 3750X core switches, 2960 access switches and 3925 routers for dual MPLS WAN. 
 Installed and implemented Security Infrastructure using CheckPoint Firewalls. 
 Prepared Cisco VoIP solution proposal. 
 Prepared Business Case for Core Network upgrade in Data Center sites and Branch offices for multiple North American and European sites. 
 Prepared Business Case for PBX-to-Cisco Call Manager migration. 
• Prepared plan to upgrade existing CUCM ver6.1, Unity ver5, IPCC ver5 to version CUCM ver8.x, UNITY Connection ver8.x and UCCX ver8.x. 
 MCS servers to be upgraded to Cisco UCS C-Series Servers. 
 Existing Cisco 3800 and 2800 series routers to be re-purposed as Voice Gateways. 
Data network design included Cisco 3800/3900 routers for dual MPLS links, Cisco 3750X, 3560 & 2960 LAN switches and CheckPoint Firewalls. 
? Design and implementation of Data & Voice Infrastructure for a branch office in NY (50 users). 
• Data network design included Cisco 2911 routers for dual MPLS connections, Cisco 2960 PoE LAN switches and CheckPoint Firewalls. 
• Voice solution included AVAYA CM6 (S8300 Server and G430 Media gateway). 
? Travelex Currency Exchange Retail Stores at Pearson Airport Terminal 1. 
? Managed IT & Telecom portion of the project. 
? Connectivity to Toronto datacenter. 
? Security solution to meet Corporate and PCI compliance standards. 
? Coordinated with local Telco's for DSL and analog lines installation. 
? Wireless Infrastructure Implementation. 
? Managed Juniper Wireless installation in various offices. 
? Configured the wireless controller, Juniper firewall and APs for network connectivity. 
 Setup DHCP scope for wireless clients.
Telecom Analyst
 Fulfilled internal orders for Cisco Phones and Unity Voicemail accounts. 
 Programmed Cisco phones and Cisco Unity voicemail using Unimax 2nd Nature. 
 Resolved client issues submitted via Peregrine Service Center. 
 Maintained and Audited Telecomm Inventory using etelesolv's TeleManager (a telecom management tool).
Network Analyst
 Avaya VoIP PBX Maintenance and Support. 
 Nortel CS1000 PBX Maintenance. 
 Network Monitoring using CA Spectrum. 
 Contacted Verizon and AT&T NOC for voice and data circuit related issues. 
 Core voice and data network upgrade (HQ and Branch offices). 
 Migrated from Cisco 4000/5000 to 3800 series routers and 3750 series switches. 
 Configured routers and switches for data and voice networks. 
 Configured provider MPLS circuits for connectivity to corporate backbone. 
 Avaya VoIP implementation. 
 Configured network according to Avaya requirements. 
 Data and voice network upgrade (Branch office). 
 Installed and configured 3800 routers and 6509 switch for data and voice networks. 
 Configured provider MPLS circuits for connectivity to corporate backbone. 
 Configured network for Nortel VoIP implementation. 
 Upgraded all production routers and switches to corporate standard IOS image. 
 Inventory all routers and switches. 
 Documented network diagrams and backed up router & switch configurations. 
 Created change control document for approval from Change Management Committee. 
network Analyst
Provided Level I & II support to managed services clients for Cisco Call Manager 4.x and Unity voicemail. 
 LAN and WAN monitoring & management, utilizing various network monitoring tools, to monitor availability, performance, detect potential problems, troubleshoot and resolve network issues. 
 Coordinated with customers and Cisco TAC for resolving network issues quickly and help expedite the TAC case and/or RMA process. 
 Provided training and guidance to new hires and interns. 
 Prepared monthly reports to analyze customer SLA stats. 
Network Design - Voice
 Unified Communications Cisco Unified Communications Manager, Cisco Unity Voice Mail / Unified 
Messaging System, Voice Gateways, MGCP Gateways, H323 Gateways, Personal Assistant, UCCX Express, Voice gateways, SRST, QoS, Knowledge of Cisco CER, Voice Recording Applications, and PBX Integration. Call Manager Express and Unity Express for branch office solution, Unified Communications Solutions Design, Unified Presence, Mobility, WebEx, Meeting Place and knowledge of Video Conferencing solutions CUVA. 
 AVAYA IP PBX Experience with Avaya VoIP and voicemail systems 
 VoIP Protocols/interfaces FXS, FXO, ISDN PRI, SIP, MGCP, H.323, RTP, SBC (CUBE) 
 Telephony Systems PBX, Call Manager, MS OCS 
 Borderless Networks Knowledge of Cisco Borderless Network concept 
 Firewall/Security CheckPoint Firewall R71 & Smart Dashboard, RSA Security 
 Web 2.0 and 3.0 Web 2.0 and 3.0 understanding and consider myself an end user. 
 Video Conferencing Knowledge of Cisco TelePresence & MeetingPlace system 
 Design Skills Knowledge and understanding of Cisco PPDIOO methodology, 
Understanding of Cisco IP Communications Project life cycle. 
Services, LDAP, Proxy Server, ISA Server. 
 Network Services DHCP, WINS, DNS, RAS, RIS, Relay Agent, etc. 
 Virtualization VMware ESX Server, VMware Server and Workstation, GNS3 (Cisco Router simulator), knowledge of Cisco Unified Computing System 
 Routers & Switches Cisco 2600, 2900, 2800, 3900, 3800, 35xx, 37xx, 45xx, 65xx, 76xx etc. 
 Routed Protocols IP 
 WAN Technologies MPLS, Metro Ethernet, Frame Relay 
 Network Protocols TCP/IP, RIP, UDP, OSPF, IGRP, EIGRP, HTTP, IMAP, POP3, NTP, 
FTP, TFTP, PPP, BGP, MPLS 
 Network Monitoring & Solarwinds Orion, Solarwinds NCM, CA Spectrum, CA eHealth, What's Up Gold, Management Cacti, Kiwi CatTools, Packet capturing tools 
 