
    . Over 6 years of extensive experience in the field of Web Applications
      development using HTML 4.01/5, CSS (2/3), XHTML, JavaScript, JQuery,
      AJAX, XML and JSON.
    . Proficient in developing web page quickly and effectively using, HTML
      5, CSS3, JavaScript and JQuery and also experience in making webpage
      cross browser compatible.
    . Solid understanding of Responsive Web Design
    . Experience in working MVC Architecture and also in using version
      control(SVN)
    . Extensive Experience in Applications using AJAX, Object Oriented (OO)
      JavaScript, JSON, JSONP, and XML.
    . Experience in debugging and troubleshooting the existing code.
    . Experience in complete Software Product Development Life Cycle.
    . In-Depth knowledge/Experience of Web 2.0, JavaScript, JQuery, W3C
      Standards.
    . Experience in using various IDE's, Dreamweaver, Notepad++, eclipse,
      Adobe Photoshop.



UI Web Technologies      HTML, HTML 5, XHTML, XML, XSL, XSLT,       
                        JavaScript, AJAX,  JQuery, JSON, JSP, CSS, 
                        UI Concept Modeling/Wire framing, GIMP     
IDE, HTML Editor        Eclipse IDE, Notepad++, Adobe Dreamweaver  
                        Apache Tomcat 5.0.25, HTTP Web Server      
Web/App Servers                                                    


     Worked in a team, Involved in developing the UI, layout and front-end
      programming (HTML) for web application that matches requirements of T-
      Mobile.
     Excellent Coordination in project activities and ensure that all
     project phases are followed and documented properly.
     Extensively involved design discussions and user experience sessions
      to provide inputs on the layout and UX.
     Designed the front-end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages
      using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS.
     Developed non-functional HTML, CSS pages from the mock ups and
      involved in UI review with UI architect and Business Units.
     Developed GUI using JavaScript, HTML/HTML5, DOM, XHTML, AJAX, CSS3 and
      JQuery in ongoing projects.
     Converted the mock-ups into hand-written HTML, CSS (2/3), XHTML,
      JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, XML and JSON.
     Improved user experience by designing and creating new web components
      and features
     Involved in complete SDLC - Requirement Analysis, Development, System
      and Integration Testing.
     Followed MVC Structure to develop Application.
     Coded Java Script for page functionality and Lightbox plugins using
      JQUERY.

Environment: HTML5, HTML, CSS2, CSS3, JavaScript, Tomcat Apache, JQuery, JSP,


     Coded Java Script for page functionality and Pop up Screens.
     Implemented AJAX functionality using JQUERY, EXT-JS, JSON and XML.
     Designed new classes and functionalities using various JQUERY
      components for CRM application for customer service.
     Wrote extensive HTML/ HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript code to build dynamic
      pages using Eclipse.
     Developed and designed the various screens and its architecture in
      accordance to UI Specs.
     Wrote application level code to interact with the backend (Java) code
      AJAX and JSON.

Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQUERY, SVN, Eclipse, M.S Windows.

 (UI) Developer

SAIPA (an acronym for the French Société  Anonyme  Iranienne  de  Production
Automobile) was established in  1966,[2]  with  75%  Iranian  ownership,  to
assemble Citroëns under license for the Iranian market. Nowadays  it  builds
mainly Korean cars, but has also developed  its  own  engine  and  range  of
cars.
 Co-ordinated with BA group for better understanding of functional
      requirements analyzed and designed the business requirements to
      documented and implemented.
     Responsible for Design and development of Web pages using PHP, HTML,
      CSS including Ajax controls and XML.
     Developed UI using JavaScript, HTML, CSS, JavaScript validations and
      XML.
     Implemented applications in JavaScript, and MySQL.
     Worked extensively with the File management and image libraries.
     Performed Client-side validations using JavaScript.
    
Environment: JavaScript, JQuery, PHP 5.0, HTML, CSS, AJAX

UX Process

User Surveys & Interviews
User Research
User Observation
Heuristic Evaluation
Task Analysis
Card Sorting
Storyboarding
Workflows & State Diagrams
Paper Prototyping
Photoshop Prototyping

Adobe Suite 4
Fireworks
Photoshop
Illustrator
Dreamweaver
FlexBuilder IDE
Visio
PowerPoint
InDesign
Balsamiq
Tech Smith – Morae Usability Testing
HTML / DHTML
CSS
Experience

iPass

User Experience Designer / UI Engineer  May 2009 – Present

Capture user personas and task scenarios.
Define user interaction models and work-flows.
Help drive product direction based on field research and functional requirements.
Develop UI design specs that allows and facilitate project and functional requirements across a multi-disciplinary teams through all phases of the project.
Generate UI mockups from paper-and-pencil concepts to wire-frame designs to high-fidelity prototypes that convey the interaction model.
Document User Interface Specifications.
Design and conduct usability studies, translate user findings into affinity diagrams, event sequence diagrams and use cases.
Work closely with engineers and quality assurance teams to deliver the final product.
PayPal Inc

UI Designer & Web Developer
Developed and maintained PayPal Virtual Terminal 1.5 and PayPal Pro Product pages on paypal.com. 
Assisted UI leads and product manager with concept designs and implementation of prototype for new and undeveloped features that allowed PayPal customer representative team to track customers’ instant payment notifications reports.
Implemented the core set of features and marketing content for new merchant products offerings for launch of PayPal Canada site.
Acted as a liaison between PayPal User Experience team and Payflow Pro web development team. Responsibilities included:
Led the project of the PayPal Payflow Manager from concept to detailed design phase; prepared and presented design progress updates to executives in PayPal Merchant team.
Provided click through prototypes using HTML, CSS, and JSP Scripting for usability testing for PayPal Merchant Manager portal applications.
Worked with the User Experience team and product managers to identify and design features to enhance the usability of PayPal Merchant products.
Wrote training materials and trained new hires resulting in high productivity and efficiencies.
VeriSign, Inc.

UI Developer and Usability EngineerDecember 2000 – November 2005
Worked with product management, engineering, customer support, and other stakeholders to do usability and UI design for VeriSign’s e-commerce, digital certificate, security, and other products. Responsibilities included:

Led new product marketing initiatives that increased customer satisfaction by 40% through updating the look and feel and functionalities behavior for Payments web applications.
Performed heuristic evaluations on web based application for Payments Portal, and provided competitive analysis report and presentation to the cross functional team members.
Conducted navigation/Information Architecture research using card-sorting techniques to develop recommendations for a more logical and intuitive menu structure.
Designed low-fidelity paper wire-frames for Payments portal to conduct iterative rounds of usability evaluation for validation of the new features and concepts.
Implemented text based navigation progress bar using HTML and JavaScript for Payments Registration flows to reduce the cost of localizing image based navigation progress bar.
Designed intuitive and user-friendly interface and prototypes using (X)HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and JSP for several VeriSign web-based applications (Payments Manager, VeriSign End User Policy Wizard, and VeriSign Secured Seal).
Performed and recorded usability tests in person using TechSmith tool Morae.
Provided support to engineering teams by providing UI specifications through clickable mock-ups using HTML, CSS and JSP Scripting.
Contractor -- UI Design, Prototyping & Web Development

2000 – Present
Consulting as Web User Interface Analyst, Information Architect, and Project Manager. Client list includes:

Omar’s Car Care -- http://omarcarcare.com/index.html
Project Management, UI Designer, Screen Layouts, Site web development
QMetry, Inc. -- http://www.qmetry.com
Project Management, UI Designer, Screen Layouts, Site web development
Aloki Design Studio -- http://www.aloki.com | http://www.ishitashah.com/entrege/
Provided HTML mock-ups for new brand of client Entrege.
BayVP.org -- http://ww.bayvp.org | http://www.ishitashah.com/Joomla/templates/bayvp/home.html
Volunteer for maintainance and future enhancement of the site.
InfoStretch, Corp -- http://www.infostretch.com
Project Management, UI Designer, Screen Layouts, Site web development
Healthscape, Inc.
UI Consultant, Developed front end Web site using HTML and JavaScript. Designed the Healthscape site's architecture and structural document.
MsMoney.com
Developed and tested 700 different dynamic and static web pages using HTML and JavaScript. Developed in house testing environment, test procedures and step-by-step test cases.
Arsin Corporation
Worked with product managers and HR to design and prototype intranet for employees’ use.
Education

Fall 2010, Cooper – In house training

Spring 2010, Adaptive Path – UX Intensive

B.S. Computer Science, San Jose State University, San Jose, California
Concentration on design and numerical analysis.

UI/Web Developer with over 6 years of professional experiences in Web Designing and User Interface Development using Web Technologies.
Strong developing experience with HTML, DHTML, CSS and JavaScript.
Experienced in JavaScript frameworks like JQUERY.
Expertise in using XML/JSON and AJAX to link with back-end applications.
Expertise in debugging and troubleshooting existing code using Firebug and Developer Tools.
Strong experience with Cross Browser Compatibility issues and Optimization for web, including CSS Sprites and best practices.
Well experienced in using version control systems subversion (SVN), Visual source Safe and team Foundation Server (TFS).
Experience in Development and Documentation throughout the entire SDLC.
Experience in designing Rich Internet Application (RIA’s) with JQUERY, AJAX.
Up to date Knowledge with the latest industry trends in UI design and usability.
Strong communication, problem-solving, and planning skills, with ability to work independently or in a team environment.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Web Technologies: HTML4/5, CSS2/3, XML, AJAX, JavaScript, JQUERY, JSON
Database: Oracle9x/10x, MS SQL Server, MS-Access, SQL
Operating: Windows (vista/9x/NT/XP), Win 7
Developer Tools: Eclipse IDE, Dreamweaver, MS Office, MS-Visio, MS Excel
Browser: IE6, 7 & 8, Firefox, Opera, Chrome 4, Safari 5

EDUCATION:

B.S. in Computer Science
Confidential, University, Northridge
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Confidential,Memphis, TNDec 2010 - Present
Sr. UI Developer 
Description: FedEx is an American global courier delivery Services Company. The company provides customers and businesses worldwide with a broad portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services. 
Responsibilities:

Responsible for creating the look and feel of the public website.
Worked with designer who designed user interfaces and prototypes for a web-based internal system.
Worked on front end pages that were developed in a professional manner using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and JQUERY.
Developed and implemented user interfaces as per latest W3C standards.
Developed client side validation code using JavaScript and JQUERY.
Creating cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.
Involved in fixing Front-End issues with the layouts.
Actively used XML (documents and transformations) for creating templates with dynamic data from XML file.
Extensively used/modified JQUERY to perform AJAX calls for creating interactive web pages on JSON response.
Worked with backend developers to convert HTML/CSS non-functional pages into dynamic JSP pages.
Developed cross-browser pages using CSS, HTML, DHTML, and JavaScript
Coded pages with best Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.
Designed applications that execute on various browsers such as Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, and Opera using various debugging tools like Firebugs/IE Developer Tools.
Environment: HTML 4/5, CSS2/3, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON, XML,JSP, Eclipse and SVN

Description: DIRECTV is one of the world’s leading providers of digital television entertainment service delivering a premium video experience to more than 32 million customers in the U.S and Latin America.

Designed the Web application layout and forms using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Worked with business analysts to understand their business models and goals and help define strategy, content, and features.
Converted PSD mockups into pure hand-written HTML and CSS pages.
Handled all the client side validations, slide show, hide and show controls, dropdown menus and tab navigation using JQUERY.
Responsible for transforming design mock-ups to W3C standards compliant HTML pages using HTML, XHTML, CSS.
Wrote code to fetch data from Web services using JQUERY AJAX via JSON response and updating the HTML pages.
Participated in day-to-day meeting, status meeting, strong reporting and effective communication with project manager and developers.
Participated with SQA team in bug thrashing sessions to discuss and resolve bugs that were reported in JIRE.
Used JavaScript libraries to create slider and page-turning animations on calendar widgets.
Designed web pages and used applications that meet business and user goals through a positive user experience.
Responsible for creating the screens with table less design following W3C standards.
Environment: HTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX, XML, JSON, SVN and Eclipse.

Web Developer Santa Monica, CA

Involved in extensive HTML coding. .
Developed web forms using HTML for the application
Developed data insertion forms and validated them using JavaScript..
Designed web pages and used applications that meet business and user goals through a positive user experience.


UI Engineer, TrackVia
March 2013 to Present, Denver, CO
Front-end web development using JavaScript (Angular.js), CSS (SCSS) & HTML.
Consume a RESTful API developed by a team of API developers.
Work on a large-scale application that gives business users the ability to create custom apps without knowing how to code.
Work on an Agile (Scrum) Development Team to deliver regular updates to business team and project managers.
UI Developer, DealersLink, Inc.
October 2012 to March 2013, Superior, CO
Front-end web development using HTML, CSS, JavaScript & CFM.
Work in a ColdFusion environment using advanced UI web development techniques.
Lead UI development of automotive auctioning web application for car dealerships.
Work on small development team to deliver regular updates to project manager.
UI Developer, Intela, LLC
August 2011 to October 2012, Boulder, CO
Front-end web development using HTML, CSS, JavaScript & JSPX.
Work in a Java environment using advanced UI web development techniques.
Create lead generation applications that make multiple API calls (via AJAX) for form validation.
Work with an Agile (Scrum) Development Team to deliver regular updates to business team.
Train new UI Development team members.
UI Developer, Local Matters, Inc
August 2010 to August 2011, Denver, CO
Front-end web development using HTML, CSS, JavaScript & JSP.
Work in a Java environment using advanced UI web development techniques.
Work with an Agile (Scrum) Development Team to deliver regular updates to client.
UI Developer/Web Designer (Independent Contractor), Streamline IC
December 2008 to August 2010, Boulder, CO
Develop websites using (X)HTML, CSS & JavaScript.
Effectively communicate directly with clients to design for their needs.
Assist clients in the process of Search Engine Optimization.
Web Designer/Manager Creative Dept., Media Breakaway, LLC
April 2005 to December 2008, Westminster, CO
Working manager of the design department.
Front-end web development on web properties using (X)HTML, CSS & JQuery.
Developed landing pages and email creatives for online advertising campaigns.
EDUCATION

St. Cloud State University (Minnesota), 1999-2003
Bachelor of Arts (Art)
Graduated in 2003 with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Art.
Focus on Fine Art, Drawing and Graphic Design.
SKILLS

Standards Based Front-end Web Development – Mobile Web Application Development – Semantic Markup – AJAX -
Cross Browser Compatibility – User Interface Design – Responsive Web Design – Agile Development (Scrum) -
Prototype Creation – Requirements Gathering – Semantic Markup – Wireframe Creation
PROFICIENCIES

Languages:  JavaScript, XHTML/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, SASS/SCSS, JSON, XML, JSP/JSPX (JSTL & EL), CFM
JavaScript Frameworks:  Angular.js, Backbone.js, Handelbars.js, jQuery, Require.js, Underscore.js
Tools:  Chrome Developer Tools/Firebug, Git/Subversion, Sublime Text 2, Grunt.js, Yeoman.io, Bower.io, Photoshop, JIRA
Jonathan Cross - Résumé / CV (Front-end web developer , UI Architect)

/ UI Architect specializing in XML / XSL based content management and user interface design. This is Jonathan's resume of XML, XSLT, JSP, HTML, Javascript, PHP, Perl development skills. resume.jonathancross.com . I currently work for the Google's Web Studio in Zürich, Switzerland.

xing.com/profile/Jonathan_Cross
Title: Front-end web developer / UI Architect. Education: Bachelor of Arts degree in Conceptual Design, Magna Cum Laude. San Francisco State University.
A2 level German proficiency. Intro: I am patient, curious and enthusiastic, giving 150% to everything I do.
When not working, I travel extensively. WEB DEVELOPMENT RELATED SKILLS
Front-end Development: 10 years HTML (including accessibility, semantic markup, localization) 8 years JavaScript; Advanced CSS, DOM, cross-browser / cross-platform compatibility. 6 years Advanced template development with XML, XSLT, and JSP. 9 years UNIX Shell scripting and Regular Expressions. General understanding of Java, PHP, Perl, CGI, SSI, mod_rewrite, etc. Architecture: User interface design, development process and workflow, content management and source control. XML Schema / data modeling. Intelligent systems for: web production automation, analysis, documentation and code-generation. Graphics: 10 years of experience using Adobe Photoshop for graphics production. Dynamic imaging techniques and bandwidth optimization. 3D illustration and rendering. Vector / Raster compositing and animation. Software: Extremely proficient with UNIX, Mac and Windows. Professional experience with Scene 7, Akamai, Coremetrics, CVS, Perforce, svn, Ant, Xalan, Cygwin and other "free" open-source. FULL-TIME WEBSITE DEVELOPMENT EXPERIENCE
Current Google - Zürich, Switzerland.
Webmaster developer IV 2003 - 2009 Macys.com - San Francisco.
Returning UI Architect / Developer Collaboration with programmers to design / implement site enhancements.
 i18n, pipelined XSLT + multi-level schema validation of XHTML 

Lead UI Developer for Macys.com. Supervised and supported UI Development team (aka Content Engineering) in technical decisions.
Oversaw Integration of 5 separate divisional websites into macys.com architecture.
Chief template developer. I was responsible for research and implementation of major enhancements to the front-end templating system. The templating system was constructed in XML and XSLT and utilized Java (Xalan) to generate JSP (Java Server Pages) comprising the user interface of the macys.com website.
Cross-Team collaboration. I worked closely with graphic designers, copywriters, business users, Flash developers, Java programmers, partner companies (Akamai, Coremetrics, Mapquest, Scene 7, HFI, etc) and peers at Bloomingdales.com to improve workflow and enhance the online users experience.
Lead architect behind Content Engineering team's Development Environment (Rational ClearCase, Xalan, XML Spy, Cygwin, Windows, AIX and IBM WebSphere).
2002 Bloomingdales.com - New York City.
Development, training and setup of XSLT templating system. Complete overhaul of XML / XSLT content management system used by macys.com and adaptation to the business needs of Bloomingdales.com.
Travel photos and stories - Personal photo archive.
Perl based content management / viewing software written from scratch Utlizes XML, XSLT, DHTML, CSS to create a cohesive, fast and extremly light-weight system. Contains thousands of photos from my travels through Asia, Europe and North America.
Simple e-commerce site. Javascript/CSS based (Dreamweaver compatable) templating system allows simplified administration by novice users.
John Cross - portfolio of architecture.
Minimalist design and custom XML + PHP based content management system.
2001 URBANIZE.org - photographic exploration of street art.
Created entire site; Concept, design, photography, illustrations, JavaScript, CSS, Perl.
Benjamin Warwas - fashion designer.
Created site from designer's illustrations; HTML, graphics, JavaScript, frames, CSS.
Video4i - internet video e-mail system.

Course Instructor for Macromedia DreamWeaver class. 1996 ElectroGIG 3D (San Francisco, CA.)
UNIX Technical support, beta testing, 3D demonstration artist
3D Artist / Animator for Ultra-Sparc product release video
