Objective
To use my low level programming skills developing exciting embedded products; including firmware, operating system, drivers, applications, programmable logic and/or coprocessors.
Education
Bachelor of Electrical Engineering, Cooperative Plan with Honor, Georgia Institute of Technology, 1996
Specializations: Computer Systems and Telecommunications
Skills
·         High-level languages: C/C++, Visual Basic, BASIC, HTML, Pascal, and Fortran
·         Assembly languages: ARM, M68K DragonBall (68328), MCore, PowerPC, PIC, and X86
·         Knowledgeable in issues related to low-power and mobile devices
·         Expert at debugging embedded systems with little or no emulator support
·         System level software (RTOS, drivers, libraries, and test applications) in embedded environment
·         High level hardware and software debugging using oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, and simulators
·         Operating Systems: Palm OS, WinCE/PocketPC, VRTX, Windows 95/98/NT/2000/XP, Unix and Solaris
·         Programmable Logic: Xilinx, CoolRunner, and other PLDs
·         Electrical soldering (including surface mount components)
·         Ham radio operator (KB4WEH, Technician Plus)
Professional Experience
Qualcomm, Inc., Cary, North Carolina
CDMA Technologies
 
Scientific-Atlanta, Inc., Atlanta, Georgia
Digital Subscriber Networks, Headend Embedded Software Team
Staff Embedded Software Engineer - April 2002 to May 2004
·         Developed and maintained firmware for Quadrature Amplitude Modulator series of products
·         Wrote code for multitasking multi-processor system mixing ARM and PowerPC.
·         Maintained carrier grade reliability.
·         Focused on MPEG-2 Systems Layer and PowerKEY Conditional Access System.
·         Worked closely with Digital Network Controller System and set top groups.
 
Ratio DesignLab, Inc. (became AppForge, Inc.), Atlanta, Georgia
High-tech Product Development
Embedded Software Engineer - April 1996 to April 2002
·         Developed software and firmware for battery powered handheld mobile devices.
·         Implemented 32-bit multitasking embedded real-time operating system (RTOS)
·         Written in portable Object-Oriented C (critical portions in assembly).
·         Simultaneously supported on ARM, ARM Thumb, StrongARM, Motorola M68K DragonBall, and MCore.
·         External modules use position-independent code and data (PIC/PID) for execute in place power savings, flexible configuration, and field upgradability.
·         High-speed direct system and inter-module function calling via a COM like interface, implemented in C.
·         Wrote numerous device drivers including UART, (IR, RS-232, and RS-485), graphical LCD, coprocessor, touch screen digitizer, and paging and two-way radios.
·         Senior team member in design and development of AppForge Piedmont (a cross-platform COM-like framework for embedded systems) SDK and run time, for Palm OS and Pocket PC.
·         Wrote and maintained code in programmable logic devices (CPLD and FPGA) and coprocessors to support zero glue logic and field upgradeable design philosophy.
·         Wrote programmable logic elements and boot and OS code for modular Hardware Reference Platform
 
NASA, Voice and Navigation Aids Section, Kennedy Space Center, Florida
Electrical Engineering Student Trainee (Co-Op) - May 1991 to September 1995 (alternating quarters)
·         Prototyping, engineering support, and UNIX programming for U.S. Space Shuttle ground communications systems.
Minor: Electrical Engineering
TI DSP 320X2xx Training, 1997
TI DSP 32055xx Training, 2003
TECHNICAL
SUMMARY:
Hardware:
MCF5xxx, MCP860, MC68xxx, TI DSP 320C240, 320C54CST, 320C5402, 320C5502, ADSP2185, 8051,  68HC812, IBM PC/x86 and Compatibles, HP730, Sun, Sparc, DEC6xxx, 8xxx, 11/750, 11/785, GPIB-488, MIL-STD-1553
Operating
System:
RTEMS, PSOS, LINUX, Windows 9x/NT/2K/XP, UNIX, VRTX, USX, Nucleus, OS2/WARP, MS/DOS 6.2, VMS
Languages:
C, C++, MC68xxx/TI Assembly, Windows SDK, ZAPP, MFC, OWL, YACC, MEWEL, PASCAL, FORTRAN, Visual Basic.
Design Tools:
Evergreen Case Tools, CADRE Case Tools
Debugging
Tools:
Single Step ICE, TI Debuggers, GDB, HP 7400 series ICE, Tektronics and HP Oscilloscope, Tektronics Logic Analyzer (Prism 3000, DAS), CADRE in-circuit emulator, HP4951a Protocol Analyzer, IO-Tech 488 Analyzer.
PROFESSIONAL EMPLOYMENT
 
September, 2002
to Present
ESTECH SYSTEMS INC, Plano, TX
Senior Firmware Embedded Software Engineer
Responsible for architecture, design, development, and testing of real-time, embedded code for a market leader in telephony equipment utilizing TDM and VOIP technologies.  Extensive experience with Motorola/Freescale MCF5206e, MCF5272, MCF5407; TI TMS320C5402, TMS320C5502; and ADSP-2185 processors using C/C++ and assemble.  Responsible for low-level board bring- up, including drivers for flash, SDRAM, network chips, RTC, Compact Flash, IC2, and T1 Framers. Ported, expanded and maintained many DSP algorithm in assembly to different DSP brands to take advantage of vendor pricing.  Algorithm familiarity include: tone generators, CID & DTMF codecs, and echo-cancellers.  Very comfortable with working on board at the hardware interface level.  Familiar with TDM serial bus interfaces as well with VOIP technologies.
 
January, 2002
to September, 2002
ADVANCED IP COMMUNICATION, Richardson, TX
Senior Embedded / Project Leader -Contractor
testing of real-time, embedded code for a startup company to produce a small business phone switch use VoIP.  Developed code for the Motorola MCF5307 processor using C/C++ coupled with RTEMS real-time OS.  Wholly responsible for board check out, Gnu Tools, bring up of the board, writing bios, which provided a network boot, and 80% of the application. The proprietary board included flash, SDRAM, a network chip, a RTC, and Compact Flash.  Also developed code for the TMS32054CST DSP to interface to the coldfire utilitising the Host interface port. Used Assembly for low-level startup, driver ISR and debugging. Administered a Linux Server running 6.2, which we migrated, to 7.3.
 

August, 2000
to December, 2001
COMSPACE CORP, Coppell, TX
Senior Embedded Software Engineer
Responsible for design, development, and testing of real-time, embedded code for a startup company that provided spectrum efficiency over RF.  Developed code for the Motorola MPC860 processor using C coupled with the PSOS real-time OS.  Also developed code for a VLSI ARM processor using C coupled with the Nucleus OS.  Further, developed network data interface applications using LINUX on a PC target, compiled with GNU tools.  Used Assembly for debugging and specialize in the areas of serial and network interfacing.
 
December, 1995
to August, 2000
VARI*LITE, Irving, TX
Senior Embedded Software Engineer - Project Lead
Responsible for design, development, and testing of real-time, embedded code for the industry leader in concert and stage automated lighting. Products use Motorola HC12, 68360, 68302, 68332, 68040, and TI Dsp 320C240 processors on custom boards. Code generated in C, C++ and Assembly with the MicroTec C, GoDsp C and by HiCross embedded C/C++ compilers hosted on PC and UNIX platforms.  Trained in Booch Design model. Experience in Microsoft C++ for Windows 95 user interfaces.   Managed several projects and a team of 3 people.
 
Software Engineer - Contractor
Developed Window 3.X printer drivers for specialize Europe ticket printer. Development under Microsoft Visual C++ 1.5 compiler.
 
January, 1990
 to July, 1994
ELECTROSPACE SYSTEMS, INC., Richardson, TX
 
Software Engineer/ Software Lead
Team member designing DF calibration controller required to control and collect data from several GPIB-488, serial (RS232, RS485), MIL-STD-1553, and TTL devices. System requirements included time critical control, recovery from equipment errors with reduced mode capability, and wireless synchronization timing between controllers. Selected hardware and software for project including PC 486 notebooks, interfaces, networking, and programming environment. Development under Windows 3.11 using Borland C++ 3.1/4.0.  Designed using C++ OOP with class structures and data encapsulation.
 
Software Embedded Engineer
Team member implementing a project design using C++ OOP on Sun Sparcs. Developed control algorithms for HP signal generators controlled using GPIB-488 bus. 
 
Software Embedded Engineer / Project Lead
Designed, developed, and tested embedded software for large earth station antenna control systems. Responsible for projects developed using C hosted on pc and Unix environments cross-compiled using MircoTec C coupled with the VRTX real-time OS based on the MC68xxx platforms. Used Tektronics Logic Analyzer (Prism 3000, DAS) and CADRE in-circuit emulator to debug code.
Title
embedded engineer

Primary Skills
c,embedeed c,assembly langauge,

Objective:

I would like to use my knowledge and ability in a challenging environment where I will get an opportunity to grow and add value to the organization and myself.

Experience: 
Currently working with Minilec India Pvt. Ltd. Pune. As Hardware Design and Embedded Firmware Testing Engineer. Since Dec. 2010 to till date.

Project Handled: 

Power Supply:
SMPS 90-270VAC/DC-TNY IC of POWER INTGRATION based 12Watt 
With regulated voltages o/p 12VDC, 5VDC & isolated 12Vdc used for Annunciator.

Embedded firmware and Hardware Testing:
To test various models of Alarm Annunciator like MBAS 0600, MBAS 9900, MICROWARN 0600, and MBAS 08. Whether it is working properly according to given sequence. If not, then detect fault and correct it. And to achieve the target within given time limit and offer the tested units for final quality check.
Microcontroller based Alarm Annunciator systems are used for fault finding And Indication on colored LED displays. Optically isolated faults inputs. Site selectable faults contact configuration (NO/ NC).Different sequence used as per ISA Standard and thoughtful provision for troubleshooting and maintenance. Different type of power supply range used such as 20 to 60Vac/dc, 90-270Vac/dc etc. 
I am working for the testing of the following products:
?	Microcontroller Based Annunciator System.
?	Microfacia 951 display system.
?	Announciator System Using RS-232.
?	DC Supply fail announciation system.

Responsibilities:
?	To visually inspect the circuit board and verify the proper placements of the component as per Design standard's.
?	To check all voltage And Current levels using standard test and measurement instruments.
?	To resolve fault by changing faulty component.
Advance Diploma Course: 

?	“EMBEDDED SYSTEM” Training from Sphere Techno Solution Pvt. Ltd Thane. 

Technical Skills:

?	Programming Languages	: C, Assembly Language Programming, Embedded 'C'.
?	Software's/Tools	 : Kiel, Proteus, MATLAB 7.0.4(Simulink Blockset 
Of AC Drives), Pad2pad & Express PCB for PCB 

?	Protocols	 : RS232, I2C

Projects Undertaken: 

?	Final Year Diploma: Microcontroller Based Saline Level Indicator.
Description: “The Saline Level Indicator” is used in hospitals for knowing level of
water on PC or decoder circuit. Also this designed system is useful in Mechanical
Industries, Chemical industries and hospitals
?	Final Year B.E: Design And Implementation Of High Performance Motion Control Using DSP Kit TMS320F28335.
Description: The Basic function of high performance motion controller is to control the 
flow of energy from mains to the process. Application of digital signal processor
TMS320F28335 to the schemes to increase the speed of processing and provide unity
Power factor and hence increase the percentage of amount of energy saving which 

OBJECTIVE


Master of Science in Electronics and Communications Engineering with  strong
Design and Programming skills in  Embedded  Systems,  seeking  a  full  time
Entry Level position or Internship in a fast paced and  dynamic  Electronics
company.

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
    . Designing Analog & Digital systems
    . Developed multiple  real time application systems
    . Competency in Embedded C, C/C++, Assembly language, VHDL
    . Worked on various Controller series of Intel, ARM7, ARM9, TI, PIC and
      ATMEL.
    . Familiar with different RTOs like Vxworks and FreeRTOS.
    . Experience in interfacing and implementing device drivers for serial
      communication buses (RS-232/485, I2C, SPI), wireless modules (GSM,
      Bluetooth), GPS (navigation), A/D-D/A convertors, LCD, PWM, Sensor.
    . Familiar with Matlab, MPLAB, Keil µVision 4, Eagle, Proteus
    . Knowledge of using tools like Oscilloscopes, multi meters, Frequency
      generator and different compilers, assemblers, linkers.

EDUCATION
    . Master of Engineering in Electronics and Communication, GTU
                July,2012

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

. Advised multiple student teams on projects and offered consultancy to
  local industry on design and development of embedded hardware/software.
. RFID based attendance system, GSM based notice board and Home security
  system based on motion camera are some of the running projects.

Potent Embedded Solution
                            (May'11 to May'12)
Intern and Embedded System Engineer
Potent Embedded Solutions, is a product engineering, embedded systems and
solutions provide company in Gujarat since 2007.

 . Developed  a  cost  effective  vehicle  monitoring  system  that  informs
   passengers about the arrival  time  of  their  respective  transportation
   vehicle at their particular stations on basis  of  GPS  and  GSM  without
   using internet as a single person.
 . Completed report by  reviewing  multiple  resources,  consulting  various
   industries under the guidance of PHD personnel.

 .  Designed LPC2148 (ARM-7) controller based system  for  both  transmitter
   (Bus) and Receiver (Home) sides for monitoring the vehicle.

 . Developed Communication  based  object  control  system  to  control  all
   appliances through central  computer  in  order  to  minimize  the  power
   consumption and avoid misusing of company appliances.
 . Designed a circuit using PIC-18F4520 to control different devices from
   one location by computer.
 . RS-485 was used to communicate with more than one device.  PWM concept is
   used to control the speed of the devices & LCD was interfaced for user
   convenience.
 . Developing Tool:  MPLAB IDE

COMPUTER SKILLS

 . Tools  : MPLAB, Matlab,  Keil µVision 4, Eagle, Proteus
 . Design: Analog & Digital systems , drivers for UARTs(RS-232, RS-485),
   I2C, GPS,GSM, PWM, Timers, A/D or D/A converters, LCD, Sensor
 . Languages:  VHDL, Assembly, C/C++, Embedded C, SQL (Oracle 10g/11g), C18
 . Use of Microsoft Office suit including Excel, Power Point, Projects,
   Visio, SharePoint

ACHIEVEMENTS
 . AIT Award for Excellence in Teaching Electronics and Communication
   Engineering - 2012
 . Presented a paper on "Design of Public Transportation Vehicle Monitoring
   System Based on GSM-GPS", PEPCCI-2012.
 Jianping (James) Huang
Embedded software developer

Westmount, QC
10+ years engineering experience with embedded systems development.? 
Familiar with development embedded firmware & RTOS (e.?g.?Linux/uClinux, VxWorks, uC/OS-II,Chibios,non-OS?)  
Experience with kernel modules and device drivers development  
Experience with advanced processors (ARM, PowerPC,ColdFire) as well as lost cost micro-controllers (8051, PIC) 
Strength developing boot-loaders (U-Boot) and low-level device drivers 
Experience with embedded communication protocols such as UART, I2C, USB, SPI and RS485,CAN-BUS 
Extensive knowledge of wireless networks, Smart Card Technology and magnetic stripe cards, Modem AT Instruction, GSM/CDMA 
Familiar with a wide range of network protocols such as TCP/IP, PPP, SLIP and Ethernet  
Embedded software developer
PBSC URBAN SOLUTIONS - Montréal, QC
January 2013 to February 2014 
Project: Responsible for development on kiosk device driver, application/library and DP (Docking point) firmware for several cities 
Duties include developing device driver, and firmware ,trouble shooting, implement documentation. 
• Designed and implemented Kiosk printer driver on Embedded Linux platform. 
• Developed and optimized Sankyo CCR(Credit card reader) , Paypass device driver on the Embedded Linux OS.  
• Developed Docking point firmware on ARM Cortex M3 platform, bases on Chibios RTOS 
• Rebuilt and Customized the Linux kernel 2.6 and rebuilt the CDMA device driver.  
• Developed GPSW( GPS + Synapse wireless) firmware.
 
Software Environment: GNU C, LUA , ARM gnu tool chain, ARM Assembly Language, Ubuntu 12.04 ,Git ,SVN, Python
EMBEDDED SYSTEM ENGINEER
Fujian Landi Commercial Equipment Co., Ltd - FuZhou, CN
February 2009 to November 2011
LANDI’s products mainly cover POS terminal, IC card reader, financial unattended terminal and payment-related software.  
 
Project: Responsible for the entirety of EPOS (Electronic Point of Sale ) development on two platforms: EPT-56 series (uC/OS, ARM) and E5 serial (Linux, ARM). Duties include developing devices driver, porting U-Boot.
Designed and implemented RF (RC500) modules driver on Linux with E5 serial platform. 
Ported U-Boot on E5 Serial platform, Implement Nand flash boot and auto SD card backup. 
Designed and implemented China Merchants Bank . Programmed them in ANSI C and EPT-SDK 
Designed various Smart Card ( MIfare-One, Desfire, PBOC 2.0/EMV CPU) transactions Base on IC Card Standards of China. Programmed them in ARM C and Keil C. 
Designed and implemented embedded applications on public transmit terminals.  
 
? Communicated and consulted with the customer, analyzed requirements for a real-time payment business 
? Implemented the server-side application in Linux, using c/c++, C Shell and Pro*C
? Designed and implemented communication protocols based on ISO 8583 over TCP/IP, RS232 and RS485 
? Ported uC/OS and developed drivers on Desktop POS Terminal. 
? Developed Device Drivers on Embedded security modules.  
? Implemented Smart IC Card Reader's application, using Keil c Base on 80C51. 
 
Software Environment: C/C++, visual studio 2008, ads 1.2,Arm gnu tool chain, Assembly Language Programming for ATMEL Arm 9 serial. Red hat fedora, KEIL C Micro controller IDE and compiler
? Maintained, developed, analyzed and tested the server-side Multithreading application using Visual C++, DAO, and SQL-Server 
? Implemented Smart Card transaction's terminal base on 80c51, programmed in Keil c, Including Drivers and Application. 
? Developed KDE and OMRON Card Reader's drivers and Epson printer drivers. 
Software Environment: C/C++, visual studio 6, Delphi 7.0, C++ builder 6.0, visual Basic 6.0, KEIL C Micro controller IDE and compiler.