
B.S. in Computer Science
Confidential, University, Northridge
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Confidential,Memphis, TNDec 2010 - Present
Sr. UI Developer 
Description: FedEx is an American global courier delivery Services Company. The company provides customers and businesses worldwide with a broad portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services. 
Responsibilities:

Responsible for creating the look and feel of the public website.
Worked with designer who designed user interfaces and prototypes for a web-based internal system.
Worked on front end pages that were developed in a professional manner using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and JQUERY.
Developed and implemented user interfaces as per latest W3C standards.
Developed client side validation code using JavaScript and JQUERY.
Creating cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.
Involved in fixing Front-End issues with the layouts.
Actively used XML (documents and transformations) for creating templates with dynamic data from XML file.
Extensively used/modified JQUERY to perform AJAX calls for creating interactive web pages on JSON response.
Worked with backend developers to convert HTML/CSS non-functional pages into dynamic JSP pages.
Developed cross-browser pages using CSS, HTML, DHTML, and JavaScript
Coded pages with best Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.
Designed applications that execute on various browsers such as Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, and Opera using various debugging tools like Firebugs/IE Developer Tools.
Environment: HTML 4/5, CSS2/3, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON, XML,JSP, Eclipse and SVN

Description: DIRECTV is one of the world’s leading providers of digital television entertainment service delivering a premium video experience to more than 32 million customers in the U.S and Latin America.

Designed the Web application layout and forms using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Worked with business analysts to understand their business models and goals and help define strategy, content, and features.
Converted PSD mockups into pure hand-written HTML and CSS pages.
Handled all the client side validations, slide show, hide and show controls, dropdown menus and tab navigation using JQUERY.
Responsible for transforming design mock-ups to W3C standards compliant HTML pages using HTML, XHTML, CSS.
Wrote code to fetch data from Web services using JQUERY AJAX via JSON response and updating the HTML pages.
Participated in day-to-day meeting, status meeting, strong reporting and effective communication with project manager and developers.
Participated with SQA team in bug thrashing sessions to discuss and resolve bugs that were reported in JIRE.
Used JavaScript libraries to create slider and page-turning animations on calendar widgets.
Designed web pages and used applications that meet business and user goals through a positive user experience.
Responsible for creating the screens with table less design following W3C standards.
Environment: HTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX, XML, JSON, SVN and Eclipse.

Web Developer Santa Monica, CA

Involved in extensive HTML coding. .
Developed web forms using HTML for the application
Developed data insertion forms and validated them using JavaScript..
Designed web pages and used applications that meet business and user goals through a positive user experience.


UI Engineer, TrackVia
March 2013 to Present, Denver, CO
Front-end web development using JavaScript (Angular.js), CSS (SCSS) & HTML.
Consume a RESTful API developed by a team of API developers.
Work on a large-scale application that gives business users the ability to create custom apps without knowing how to code.
Work on an Agile (Scrum) Development Team to deliver regular updates to business team and project managers.
UI Developer, DealersLink, Inc.
October 2012 to March 2013, Superior, CO
Front-end web development using HTML, CSS, JavaScript & CFM.
Work in a ColdFusion environment using advanced UI web development techniques.
Lead UI development of automotive auctioning web application for car dealerships.
Work on small development team to deliver regular updates to project manager.
UI Developer, Intela, LLC
August 2011 to October 2012, Boulder, CO
Front-end web development using HTML, CSS, JavaScript & JSPX.
Work in a Java environment using advanced UI web development techniques.