Talented Database Developer with over 7 years- experience in

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Extensive experience in Oracle database platform, with expertise in SQL standards, PL/SQL, and Java, as well as cursors and modules.
Strong knowledge of data warehousing, including Extract, Transform, and Load Processes.
TECHNICAL EXPERTISE

Languages:    PL/SQL, SQL, TSQL, Java, Java Developer, Oracle Express / Forms / Reports / Workflow, VB, VB.Net, C, XML, HTML
OS:  UNIX, Linux, Windows 9x/NT/XP/2000/Vista, OS/2, DOS
Databases:  Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g, MS SQL, MS Access, IBM DB2
Tools:  ERWIN, Tool for Application Developer (TOAD), SQL Navigator/Developer, Oracle Developer Suite/Designer/Warehouse Builder, MS Visio/Visual Studio/Office, Rational Clear Case/Quest

CERTIFICATIONS
Oracle Certified Associate

Managed all phases of credit-card database development, including mapping, designing, configuring, implementing, testing, and post-launch support.
Oversaw 3-member team that created and integrated credit card pricing engine.
Maintain credit card database, including creating and modifying tables, monitoring traffic, and importing and synchronizing data.
Liaise with sales, marketing, and business contacts to define enhancements and improve customer support initiatives.
Lead Database Developer (2006 - 2008)

Extract, transform, and load data from legacy IBM servers into Oracle.
Establish modules to identify and remove duplicate client data and applications.
EFGH Services, Chicago IL: 2003 - 2006
Database Developer

Created Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system modules to improve and expand tracking and booking of Website orders.
Wrote PL/SQL module to migrate and reconcile data from third parties into database.
Migrated legacy system data into Oracle Database that customer service and sales representatives could access for wide range of services.
Created multiple programs to ensure correct data transfer and communications between Oracle database and SQL Server ERP system.