Objective
To use my low level programming skills developing exciting embedded products; including firmware, operating system, drivers, applications, programmable logic and/or coprocessors.
Education
Bachelor of Electrical Engineering, Cooperative Plan with Honor, Georgia Institute of Technology, 1996
Specializations: Computer Systems and Telecommunications
Skills
         High-level languages: C/C++, Visual Basic, BASIC, HTML, Pascal, and Fortran
         Assembly languages: ARM, M68K DragonBall (68328), MCore, PowerPC, PIC, and X86
         Knowledgeable in issues related to low-power and mobile devices
         Expert at debugging embedded systems with little or no emulator support
         System level software (RTOS, drivers, libraries, and test applications) in embedded environment
         High level hardware and software debugging using oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, and simulators
         Operating Systems: Palm OS, WinCE/PocketPC, VRTX, Windows 95/98/NT/2000/XP, Unix and Solaris
         Programmable Logic: Xilinx, CoolRunner, and other PLDs
         Electrical soldering (including surface mount components)
         Ham radio operator (KB4WEH, Technician Plus)
Professional Experience
Qualcomm, Inc., Cary, North Carolina
CDMA Technologies
 
Scientific-Atlanta, Inc., Atlanta, Georgia
Digital Subscriber Networks, Headend Embedded Software Team
Staff Embedded Software Engineer - April 2002 to May 2004
         Developed and maintained firmware for Quadrature Amplitude Modulator series of products
         Wrote code for multitasking multi-processor system mixing ARM and PowerPC.
         Maintained carrier grade reliability.
         Focused on MPEG-2 Systems Layer and PowerKEY Conditional Access System.
         Worked closely with Digital Network Controller System and set top groups.
 
Ratio DesignLab, Inc. (became AppForge, Inc.), Atlanta, Georgia
High-tech Product Development
Embedded Software Engineer - April 1996 to April 2002
         Developed software and firmware for battery powered handheld mobile devices.
         Implemented 32-bit multitasking embedded real-time operating system (RTOS)
         Written in portable Object-Oriented C (critical portions in assembly).
         Simultaneously supported on ARM, ARM Thumb, StrongARM, Motorola M68K DragonBall, and MCore.
         External modules use position-independent code and data (PIC/PID) for execute in place power savings, flexible configuration, and field upgradability.
         High-speed direct system and inter-module function calling via a COM like interface, implemented in C.
         Wrote numerous device drivers including UART, (IR, RS-232, and RS-485), graphical LCD, coprocessor, touch screen digitizer, and paging and two-way radios.
         Senior team member in design and development of AppForge Piedmont (a cross-platform COM-like framework for embedded systems) SDK and run time, for Palm OS and Pocket PC.
         Wrote and maintained code in programmable logic devices (CPLD and FPGA) and coprocessors to support zero glue logic and field upgradeable design philosophy.
         Wrote programmable logic elements and boot and OS code for modular Hardware Reference Platform
 
NASA, Voice and Navigation Aids Section, Kennedy Space Center, Florida
Electrical Engineering Student Trainee (Co-Op) - May 1991 to September 1995 (alternating quarters)
         Prototyping, engineering support, and UNIX programming for U.S. Space Shuttle ground communications systems.