
OBJECTIVE


Master of Science in Electronics and Communications Engineering with  strong
Design and Programming skills in  Embedded  Systems,  seeking  a  full  time
Entry Level position or Internship in a fast paced and  dynamic  Electronics
company.

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
    . Designing Analog & Digital systems
    . Developed multiple  real time application systems
    . Competency in Embedded C, C/C++, Assembly language, VHDL
    . Worked on various Controller series of Intel, ARM7, ARM9, TI, PIC and
      ATMEL.
    . Familiar with different RTOs like Vxworks and FreeRTOS.
    . Experience in interfacing and implementing device drivers for serial
      communication buses (RS-232/485, I2C, SPI), wireless modules (GSM,
      Bluetooth), GPS (navigation), A/D-D/A convertors, LCD, PWM, Sensor.
    . Familiar with Matlab, MPLAB, Keil µVision 4, Eagle, Proteus
    . Knowledge of using tools like Oscilloscopes, multi meters, Frequency
      generator and different compilers, assemblers, linkers.

EDUCATION
    . Master of Engineering in Electronics and Communication, GTU
                July,2012

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

. Advised multiple student teams on projects and offered consultancy to
  local industry on design and development of embedded hardware/software.
. RFID based attendance system, GSM based notice board and Home security
  system based on motion camera are some of the running projects.

Potent Embedded Solution
                            (May'11 to May'12)
Intern and Embedded System Engineer
Potent Embedded Solutions, is a product engineering, embedded systems and
solutions provide company in Gujarat since 2007.

 . Developed  a  cost  effective  vehicle  monitoring  system  that  informs
   passengers about the arrival  time  of  their  respective  transportation
   vehicle at their particular stations on basis  of  GPS  and  GSM  without
   using internet as a single person.
 . Completed report by  reviewing  multiple  resources,  consulting  various
   industries under the guidance of PHD personnel.

 .  Designed LPC2148 (ARM-7) controller based system  for  both  transmitter
   (Bus) and Receiver (Home) sides for monitoring the vehicle.

 . Developed Communication  based  object  control  system  to  control  all
   appliances through central  computer  in  order  to  minimize  the  power
   consumption and avoid misusing of company appliances.
 . Designed a circuit using PIC-18F4520 to control different devices from
   one location by computer.
 . RS-485 was used to communicate with more than one device.  PWM concept is
   used to control the speed of the devices & LCD was interfaced for user
   convenience.
 . Developing Tool:  MPLAB IDE

COMPUTER SKILLS

 . Tools  : MPLAB, Matlab,  Keil µVision 4, Eagle, Proteus
 . Design: Analog & Digital systems , drivers for UARTs(RS-232, RS-485),
   I2C, GPS,GSM, PWM, Timers, A/D or D/A converters, LCD, Sensor
 . Languages:  VHDL, Assembly, C/C++, Embedded C, SQL (Oracle 10g/11g), C18
 . Use of Microsoft Office suit including Excel, Power Point, Projects,
   Visio, SharePoint

ACHIEVEMENTS
 . AIT Award for Excellence in Teaching Electronics and Communication
   Engineering - 2012
 . Presented a paper on "Design of Public Transportation Vehicle Monitoring
   System Based on GSM-GPS", PEPCCI-2012.